c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\TrainingAcademia.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\TrainingAcademia.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\Bin\Debug\TrainingAcademia_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TrainingAcademia.g.resources
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TrainingAcademia.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TrainingAcademia.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TrainingAcademia.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TrainingAcademia.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Andre\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\CadastraAluno.g.cs
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\CadastraDiaSemana.g.cs
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\DiasSemana.g.cs
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\CadastraTreino.g.cs
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrainingAcademia\TrainingAcademia\obj\Debug\TreinosMain.g.cs
